okay we're back autodesk inventor LT
2010 let's put it through its paces okay
limited technology let's see if it's
limited okay constraints pretty much the
same yeah they look the same dialog box
ribbon the same okay sure thing let some
add a couple of dimensions I think I'm
going to build a wheel assembly Oh
assemblies somebody told me they can't
do assemblies in LT let's take a look
see if that's true okay um we're going
to revolve this so this is a profile or
section of a half section of the wheel
high dimensions yep same we can add
units inches feet centimeters meters
whatever is needed yes you can make
dimensions equal we have the cube so we
can rotate and what's revolve this have
aliases absolutely set up the same way
now let's do an outside fill at a point
1 and the inside Phil it's a point 5 and
this wheel starts coming to life and
let's take a look at again looks good
let's do we buy properties I promise
yeah 3 so we can assign a material to it
and once we do that we have mass in the
area and the volume and we can do some
analysis and yep got it you can now
colorize it so that it looks real
nothing better than working on parts
that look like there really are BOTS so
here's the hard one can we create a
bushing if it was straight inventor I
would create a new part and go from
there but here we've got to create it as
a second solid body that's kind of neat
that is what we inherited from inventor
2010 the ability to create multiple
solid bodies within an individual single
part so that we now can simulate a
second part even though it's not so yeah
I am simulating an assembly even though
it's not an assembly and for this to
make look more real I'm going to
colorize it so that it stands out so
someone can say can't say look real and
will either mirror it across the center
of the wheel or we'll just do it again
same thing we did the first time good
practices they always say try it a
second time you don't forget it okay so
for all intensive purposes this is a
wheel with a bushing let's create a
couple of drawings DWG idw same as we
can place a base view we can project the
view we can create sections of that and
then we can create an isometric of the
section kind of neat we can also do
details and no one can say that doesn't
like a push now it's a separate time
great let's go back to the model see if
we can shell the wheel it's a hollow
wheel you act great new tools we can
shell a single solid body so that the
wheel will shell without the bushing
being affected okay let's see if we can
create a bolt more interesting can we
yes well let's create a section through
the wheel it's a cut section will
project cut sections so that is the same
this looks great okay let's go ahead and
build that um bolt okay or pushing or
whatever we need to build okay pretty
much creating a part sketch within the
section mention it again every
everything
very very similar almost identical don't
see much difference ok we're going to
revolve that um and finally have a bolt
when we're done okay another solid
single body so we have three solid
bodies within this wheel and if we start
filling it to make it look real and
let's add a thread to the other side
okay no one's the wiser looks real good
let's color eyes bolt so that it just
stands out and then let's turn off the
work planes and go back to the 2d
drawing and see exactly what might have
happened here ah great everything came
across looks good and we can fully
document it